backends/bluez: don't disconnect devices we did not connect (#1975)
hbldh/bleak: CHANGELOG.rst

`Unreleased`_
=============

Fixed
-----

> * ``BleakClientBlueZDBus.disconnect()`` no longer disconnects from the device when the connection was not initiated by this :class:`BleakClient` instance (i.e. the device was already connected at the time :meth:`connect` was called). See https://github.com/bluez/bluez/issues/89.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``BleakClientBlueZDBus.disconnect()`` no longer disconnects from the device after "connecting" to an already connected device. Merged #1975.
```

I like to try to keep these as brief as possible.
